Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hansel minutes. And today I'm
talking with Laura, Labon the
CEO co founder and chief
Aviatrix at infinite flight. How
are you? Hi, I'm very
good. How are you? I'm
fantastic. I am looking on
your Instagram and seeing all
kinds of pictures of you
flying around the world. I
see airplanes. I see locations.
I see you with a
air airliner's headset on, but
I'm having trouble telling what's
real. And what's not. I
can't tell if you're really
near a plane or if
this is a render from
your game, how much of
your Instagram is real and
how much is fake? I
would say it's about 50%.
I'm not sure. I would
have to look at you
map, but we do have
pictures that are really convincing
now, but yeah, usually people
will just look at the
comments. They will, they will
call the shots and say,
if it's real or not
really. So like I'm, I'm
looking at a picture of
a coast guard, see one
30 and people are saying,
well, you know, this isn't
real. I'm going to unfollow
you now. I'm guessing that's
not real. That's not real
now. And we actually had
people, we thought like a
lot of people thought this
one was real. Really, this
was taken on a PC,
but it just runs just
as well on the Mac,
as on an iPad, even
like we have air to
air, this runs at this
quality, which is absolutely amazing.
Yeah. I remember when I
talked to your team, Felipe
on your team in 2013,
were you just getting started
at that point? In 2013?
We had been out on
iOS since 2012. So about
a year. It we're just
about a year and we
were putting the app on
Android at the time. Oh,
I remember. Yes. Right, right,
right. And we showed there
was like the like flash
sessions or something. And we
showed the app running on
Android and iOS to like
kind of showcase what does
that mean was able to
do. And yeah, so that's,
that was a long time
ago. I would not, not
no disrespect intended, but I
would say that in 2013,
it was a pretty game,
but it was not something
that I would mistake for
reality. Right. So that's, that's,
that's why, like with this
next update, we're really focusing
on quality. And we knew,
like we had made a
lot of progress on, on
the airplane rendering. We've using
like events, techniques, like PBR,
like physically based rendering. So
the planes looked nice in
the PR like in the
current data, if you get
it on store today, the
planes are really nice. They
look super real, but the
ground does not look as
nice. So that's the issue
that we're trying to solve
with this new update, basically
fixing this disconnect between the
tool. The issue is it's
very difficult to actually have
a rendering like this on
mobile and also have the
entire planet and satellite imagery.
So there's a lot of
things that we had to
other technical challenges we had
to overcome, but we're getting
there. What is the technical
challenge primarily about making the
ground like look better? I
don't mean to use the
word just, but I think
people sometimes do that to
make them understand that don't
you just take the highest
resolution tiles from Google earth
and lay it out on
the floor Surface. So that's
what most people think that
would just talk to Google.
Most people don't know that
it's not possible. Google doesn't
actually allow you to query
their tiles from outside of
their SDK. So there's multiple
challenges. One is actually getting
the data, getting the satellite
imagery or getting some kind
of Victor based data to
render forest and row roads
and cities where they should
be. We opted for this
because we could find a
source that was acceptable for
us at a price that
we could, it was a
little pricey, but we could
afford it. And at least
for some reasons the planet.
And so there's this aspect.
And also there's the, the
elevation that we have to
take in, in consideration because
we have to find elevation
maps for the entire planet.
And the third aspect is
making this all fit on
a device. So that was
basically the three big challenges.
And on top of this,
we have the rendering because
you could have the most
beautiful planet. If your atmosphere
rendering does not look good,
it just looks cartoonish and
not realistic. So there was
a lot of effort to
one of our engineer spent
on making sure everything looked
as real as possible. Hmm.
Yeah. I mean, I know
that initially when you look
at an early flight simulators,
it is just that it's
a tile on a flat
surface. And then when they
start to add some geo
data to get elevation, if
you're not careful, you'll end
up getting sharp, you know,
like pointy, pointy mountains, right.
That don't look like mountains
just looked like someone stuck
a traffic cone underneath The
ground. So there's, there's, that's
something that we had to
work a lot on because
you know, if you run,
like we develop, most of
our engineering is done on
PC. So we have a
lot of memory without a
lot of processing power. But
when you have something that
you're happy with, you put
it on the iPad and
you realize you were running
at five frames per second.
So we have to make
a load of improvements, optimizations,
and to make sure we
don't have those pointing out
nuns, but we still have
an acceptable level of quality
and for everything to load
in the background, because you
could fly. I just did
a flight yesterday, reproducing one
of the Boeing flights, like
a, some kind of demo
flight they did with, they
drew an airplane in the
air across the U S
and I was flying for
17 hours. So you have
to have this wasn't on
the iPad. So you have
to have a device that
doesn't load all the time
that it doesn't pause to
load. And that runs and
loads data from our servers
for 17 hours without crashing.
So there's a lot of
technical challenges with that. So
just to make sure I
understood that, like you personally
were flying your application for
17 hours, More or less.
There was a section of
it, which I time scaled,
but overall I think it
was from like 11 in
the morning to about six
in the afternoon. Oh my
gosh. Like I just, you
need a copilot that's when
you have to take a
break, That's why we have,
we have an autopilot. This
was actually a flight plan
that I loaded from flight
aware. You know, those sites
that you can find out
where the planes are going.
I just took the flight
plan, put it into the
app and I pressed enough
button and the planes just
fluid on its own. And
we had live weather and
the fuel consumption, all that
was actually running as well.
So it was a pretty
fun flight. So this is
also a good stress test.
Of course you find out
whether you have a memory
leak after 17 hours of
flying. Exactly. So that's also
one aspect, one thing that,
because there's memory leaks, and
then also like just general
memory that you're using would
this update, we're probably going
to have to drop some
devices. Those that I have
less than one gig of
memory are getting us into
a trouble because as much
as we would like to
support them, you know, it's
a lot of textures to
load and we have planes
that are in high quality.
We have this multiplayer mode
where other users are flying
with you. So we have
to load their plane textures.
So there is a point
where we were like, we're
really waiting, dropping supporters for
all the devices with this
update. Yeah, that was my
next question was like, what
exactly is in memory? Is
it primarily textures? So most
of it is textures. We
do compress it for the
platforms. So we have for
each aircraft, you download, they're
not stored in the app
itself in the package. We
actually download most of the
planes. And most of like
all the scenery from our
servers and we have multiple
versions. So we have three
versions of the database for
other ground, the textures of
the ground we have for
Android and iOS and for
PC. So that takes a
lot of time and memory
for us to compile everything
and even store it on
the servers and for the
airplanes, it's the same. We
have three versions and we
also have a lot of
additional textures because we have
just a plain texture and
then we have normal maps
and specular maps on top
of it to make sure
that all the shiny parts
are shiny and all the
brush metal parts look like
they're brush metal. So there's
a lot of textures that
actually are loaded at a
single point in time. And
I would say most of
it is actually textures. So
forgive, forgive my ignorance, but
why would you need three
different versions of the world?
Why can't everyone just load
up? I don't know, a
JPEG The issue with that.
So this is what we
had initially during the beta
testing phase or the alpha
testing phase, and we're using
a different service called Mapbox.
So we're accessing their tiles,
which I think were in
JPEG. And Daysha with that
is that they're compressed until
they get to your computer
and then to render them
on the graphics card, you
have to and compress them
and send them in compress
to the, to the graphics
card. And that's a big
issue because we could get
into a situation where a
single view would like with
the one you have with
the  would take maybe
150 max just of textures.
And that was getting us
kicked, basically killed by iOS
because we were using too
much memory. So we have
to compress those textures before
we get them to the
graphics cards. So the numbers,
I remember Felipe told me,
we go from 150 megs
of uncompressed, RGB textures. Why
would you be textured depending
on the format to about
16 megs total? Oh, wow.
So that's a big improvement.
We lose some quality obviously,
but it's, it's worth it.
The performance is much better.
Interesting. It seems like this
is the, like, I think
infinite flight is a good
example of a new generation
of game where in the
past we would receive a
game on a DVD or
a CD. It would be
massive. It would be offline
and it would include all
assets. And now due to
a combination of constraints on
the client and lots of
different clients, there's this new
generation of game that has
a cloud service on the
backend. And there's a balance
between a, for lack of
a better word. Who's doing
the chewing. Like you have
the cloud chewing, you know,
upfront during the build, you
have the cloud chewing when
assets are requested and then
you have the client chewing
and each has their own
responsibility. Is that, is that
a fair statement? Yeah, I
mean, in our case, I
mean, there's, there's little. We
do, even if it were
on PC right now, like
if you had to store
all this database, I think
the last numbers I had
was about 200 to 300
gigs for the entire dataset.
And this is only for
the 15 meter imagery we
have and we're planning on
adding a lot more imagery
at higher quality, so it
can really quickly get into
the terabytes. So it's definitely
a better technical solution and
embedded practical solution for most
people that have it downloaded
on the fly. Interesting. And
does it cash that up
to a certain point and
then is there like a
viewport where you're keeping this
information local until it's no
longer needed and then you
just, Yeah, we do. We
actually do have a cache
locally. I wouldn't know the
technical details of how long
we keep it in cash,
but we do store some
data. There's multiple levels of
caching. There's one on our
servers using the CDN and
there's one on the client.
So we don't request the
same tiles multiple times. And
this is configurable. It's configurable
by us. We might make
it configurable in the future
for the user, but for
now, it's just for us,
I think it's set to
about 25 bags of cash.
So you have an update
that's coming though, that you
said is going to change
the way you deal with
the ground. And it's not
going to look like right
now, I'm on my iPhone.
I can see that it's
buttery smooth. I can see
that the, the models of
the airplane are amazing, but
if I get really close
to the ground, I can
tell that it's blurry. It's
like Jay Peggy, you know,
when you move up, but
you've got something new coming.
So this no data is
the one that you were
talking about, like with the
. So that is not
going to solve the problem
of low altitude, mainly because
it's expensive to get a
very precise satellite imagery. We're
kind of aiming for 10,000
feet and above, but the
experience is still like pretty
good below 10,000, you still
get, you see the Rose,
you see the forest, you
see like experience is pretty
good still below. And the
good thing is that the
system is pretty configurable. So
if one day we decided
an area has higher quality
imagery, we can just put
it on the server as
another, like a level of
quality and then the clients
will automatically get it. So
we don't have to have,
like, this is what we
didn't buy. You know, it's
millions and millions of dollars
if you buy high quality
imagery for the entire world,
but that's what we might
at some point get like
just, you know, the Seattle
area, the San Francisco area.
So you just have some
key points of interest in
high quality, but not the
entire world. Yeah. That makes
sense. And that's kind of
how Google does it now
in the sense of you
can go to Paris, but
if you go to Nebraska,
it's not going to be
the highest, Right? There's no
point in paying like a
million dollar for a place
nobody's going to fly into
I'm on, I'm on
My iPhone here, which is
just a, an iPhone six.
It's not even the latest
one. It seems like there's
never any jitters. It's like
it's buttery smooth is frame
rate really important in the
flight simulator space. It is.
I mean, if you go
on most websites, there's always
TRAPed tips and tricks. And
to find out how to
optimize your, your PC rig
and have the opera. And
as soon as, as, as
fast as possible for us,
it's really important, especially until
now, because we had a
lot of older devices that
people were still using. We're
still like every new development
we do. Like there's, there
was a internal battle. And,
you know, in the company
between how the amount of
features where we're shipping and
how fast we're going and
how fast we were iterating,
versus how careful we were
with like caching techniques and
making sure that everything run
as fast as possible. But
now, like all new features
have to go by some
standard of performance. So we
can't, you know, object oriented
programming is great, but sometimes
like it's not good for
performance, especially on those devices.
So we have to be
careful with the way we
access data, to make sure
that everything is close and
super optimized, and we've done,
like we've done some, some
good progress on, especially airport
parsing and storing all the
data for the airports and
that age to make sure
that we can query things
as fast as possible. Yeah.
I would think that you,
you were saying that you
can't be super perfect at
low altitudes, but I would
assume that at the, at
least the airport level, when
you're landing, you're gonna want
that to be as high
quality as possible all the
way down to zero. Right?
So for the airports, we
actually have a database that
our users are contributing to.
So they're using, there's a
GitHub repo, and people post
their airport updates to that
repo. And we process that,
put it on the database.
So that's just for now,
it was for the update
you have on your phone.
The previous version, we actually
were manually shipping things as
we're updating the app, but
with this new version, we'll
be able to just update
a database and validate all
the cash on the clans.
So they get new data
without them doing anything. Oh,
okay. So I won't even
have to do a big
update. Cause if I remember
correctly, when I downloaded this,
it wasn't even that big,
it was maybe a hundred
megs, 150 megs. Smaller than
that. Actually the, the package
I send to iTunes connect
is about 50 megs. And
it's going to get yeah.
Available over cell phone. Right.
This is why we wanted
to make it lower than
that because we were wanting
to make sure that everybody
could get it over a
three G LT or whatever.
Interesting. Why is, what, what
do you think about as,
as a pilot? How long
have you been a pilot?
About 17 years. 15 years.
Okay. So I would, I
would assume that a flight
simulator person or someone who
is a pilot who also
wants a flight simulator would
be one of those people
that would go into their
garage, like find an old
front end on a plane
and install one of those
like fake airplane chunks in
their garage and turn it
into a flight simulator. What
is the market for a
mobile flight simulator? Like, isn't
it don't I want to
like take over my, my
den or one of my
extra rooms and get like
the most perfect controls and
build multiple screens and all
that kind of stuff. Why
would anyone want to fly
on their iPad? So there's
a, there's a big debate
in the community. And, and
something that I see, like
I was at this air
show in Wisconsin, in Oshkosh,
Wisconsin, Clara venture. And I
was there to talk to
people and introduce the application.
And there was always this
stigma associated with mobile games
and, you know, they don't
like, Oh, well, you're just
doing, like, I work on
this mobile flight simulator and
I can see their face
kind of like, yeah, sure.
Okay. So one of those
like arcade games, so I
have to, like, I have
to force them to look
at what it looks like.
And then they're convinced, cause
they're like, Oh, it looks
so real. And it runs
on iPad. That's crazy. So
we have this, this stigma
with the mobile world, because
there's so many low quality
games out there that people
just assume that it's not
going to be worth using,
but we think that there's
a different, there's different profiles.
There's of course, somebody who
really wants to go deep
into the technical details. Like
they really want to fly
the airplane to the maximum,
you know, quality and start
the engine, you know, with
every single parameter and, and,
and checklist items. Of course,
we can't do that on,
on mobile now. Like at
least we can do it.
Some others might do, but
we're trying to solve a
different problem. We're trying to
solve the problem where your,
you know, what's your family,
you're at your grandmothers or,
you know, something that your
mother-in-law and you know, there's
a boring discussion. There's some
timeout you're not at home.
You don't have all your,
you know, your big PC
rig. You can just pop
your iPad off your bag
and you can start playing
multiplayer with your friends. It's
like, it's, it's I see
it as I'm getting my
flights in fix. And I
realized that since I started,
I actually don't play the
other simulators because it gets
me my fix. And it
doesn't matter. Even when it
was like really, really early
Virgin would just went in
a, in a runway to
land on it was enough
to get me satisfied. And,
and there's also another aspect
of this is that many
people, especially in the developing
countries do not have those
big PC rigs. They can't
afford that. What they have
as a, is a, an
iPad. They have an iPad
mini. They have, you know,
they have things that before,
like, I guess you, when
I, when, when we were
younger, like the first time
we got into, I guess,
like we could get into
flight simulation where it was
the time where we can
get a PC. But now
when you're like from eight
to like 13, 14 years
old, what do you have?
You don't have a PC,
you have a tablet. So
this is what people discover
the app on. They might
jump later, but it's, it's
a, it's a, it's a
different market. And I think,
you know, we're with, with
all the advances we've been
able to do some people
actually don't feel the need
to actually go on a
PC and install everything. And
like, cause every time you
want to fly, there's you
have to boot the PC
takes five minutes, windows updates,
blah, blah, blah. It's just,
it's a lot of friction.
Whereas you can just take
your phone and start playing.
Interesting. Well then how do
you find that balance between
an arcade game? Like you
said, like a pickup and
play and playing in the,
in line at the DMV
and you know, accuracy where
as a pilot, you expect
a certain amount of, of,
of correctness and accuracy. Like
if the move, the flaps,
it needs to behave appropriately,
physics are important, Right? So
we actually don't dumb down
the system as much because
we're for like enlightening society.
I guess we do simplify
some systems, but the physics
is what the physics is.
Right? So if you want
to take off from a
place where, you know, it's
super warm density, altitude is
super high on an overloaded
plane. You're going to crash
just like in real life.
We don't actually make it.
It's not an arcade game.
It's not made to be
an arcade game. We don't
have, we just have sensitivity
settings on the controls because
some people prefer it's more
sensitive, but we don't have
like an easy simulation or
an arcade simulation mode. So
some people might play and
you know, you can just
do a couple of touch
and goes, if you're in
line at the DMV and
some people also do like
just, you know, you can
start your flight, turn on
the autopilot and put in
your pocket where you're dealing
with a DMV person. And
then when you were out,
just resuming your flight. So
What does that mean is
touching goal. So just like
lending practicing lendings so it's,
you can do like a
lending every two, three minutes.
So you can do like
maybe five, six, seven, lendings
where you're in line, the
DMV. And then, you know,
you end your fight. Your
score is like your, your
time of flight or your
LinkedIn count is, is, is
a total old and you
know, you've made some progress.
Oh, okay. One of the
other things that you do,
which is unusual for a
mobile device, if I understand
correctly is you have, is
it true? You have air
traffic control. Yes. So that's
something that we added in
2000. There's two more to,
to kind of like big
milestones. First one was just
adding multiplayer mode where people
would talk to what we
call the union, come frequency.
When you go to an
airport, that's uncontrolled, everybody broadcast
their intentions on the, so
this is what we had
initially, but it's not voice
based. It's, it's a set
of predefined commands or which
are like pretty much close
to what you could do
in real life. And then
about a year later, we
added the ATC mode where
you can be a controller
in this system. So there's
people that actually play more
as controllers than us pilots.
And that's the really fun
part. What is that? What
does that mean though? Are
you hearing them talk? Are
you seeing texts? What is
the experience? So it's text
and text to speech. So
basically if you're a controller
or you see an airplane
that's on the ground asking
you for pushback. So he's
going to show up in
your little, a little list
on your, on your ride.
You mean, and click on
that plan and you say
pushed back approved or, you
know, maintain position or stand
by. And for them, it
shows up as a, you
know, the communication in a
little ATC box and they
have different options to respond
as they can say, you
know, push back and pushing
back or something that can,
you can ask all their
messages. And it's, it is
not the best because I
mean, we, we would like
to have people talk because
it's obviously a little easier,
but it's not always the
best when you're in public
situations. Like if you were
in a, in a, in
a bus or in a
train, you don't really want
to start talking. So th
the text commons are actually
pretty good. And also whenever
you have people interacting directly,
they're going to start insulting
each other. So that's why
we, we kinda left it
to the text based. And
also it guys, you, because
sometimes like, it's when you're
starting to fly the, the,
the, the, the ATC part
of the flying is very
stressful. Because most of the
time, you don't even know
what to say, and you're
going to mess up every
single message. So the fact
that it's all like pre
done for you and you
just pretty much, and it's
also context space. So if
you're near, you're not going
to get any ground messages.
So you, you, you can
only send messages that are
valid, or, you know, in,
in a context that you
are, Have people ever wanted
to be able to play
out certain scenarios. Like you
could say, I want to
do the miracle on the
Hudson. And I want to
play that out and try
those simulations. As some people
have done it. I mean,
we, you can just take
off from LaGuardia and then
do the same flight and,
you know, shut down the
engines. And then you you'll
see if we can reproduce
the same thing. Most likely,
you know, same thing's going
to happen. Okay. Did you
see the thing that happened
a couple of days ago,
where an air Canada flight
pick the wrong one way
in lined up on the
one, one, and almost hit
four parked airplanes? Yeah. I
saw that they were saying
that it would have been
the worst air disaster in
like history, if it happened,
missed it by 50 feet.
Yeah. So we kind of
have similar situation in the
app where we have people
sometimes make mistakes. They take
the wrong runways, and we
have ways for controllers to
tell them, to go around,
tell them to behave to
them, to follow instructions. And
eventually they don't listen. We
can just report them and
it ghosts them. So they
don't actually, they can still
see other people, but other
people can see them. And
that's actually, it, it triggers
sometimes investigations. We have to
pull the logs and records
to see who said, what
was the plan at that
time? If it's a complex,
it's a complex mechanism. So
you've been doing this. This
started out as a hobby,
and now it's a full
flown business. It's, you've got
multiple employees. You're the CEO.
You still have time to
fly. One thing I'm interested
in is, was using C-sharp
as a cross platform solution,
performing enough. And now with
four years, five years behind
you, was this the right?
I think it was definitely
the right call. I mean,
there's definitely there's other programming
language that we could use,
but we were familiar with
the language and the project
was started like this. And
considering the fact that that
out to the original version
was on PC. And then
when we went to mobile,
it was for windows phone.
It kinda made sense to,
and it actually, there was
the that's what, the only
language you could compile anything
on at that time, the
first version of windows phone
was only for C sharp.
So it kinda made sense.
And then when Xamarin, you
know, came and did their
thing ages, I guess we
got lucky with the technology.
When I started, I remember
back in 2004, people telling
me, Oh, you're going to
get stuck on Microsoft platforms.
You should use C plus
plus. And I was like,
I don't like C sharp.
It's fine, whatever. And then
eventually he worked out And
you're on a memory constrained
device on a CPU constrained
device, but C sharp of
course is ultimately becoming native
code. So you haven't had
performance issues that were language-based
or runtime. We had issues
with garbage collection. We're not
careful, but when we could
identify those issues, you know,
there's ways to work around
that. So we just went
on to like, you know,
stack overflow and realize we
were completely wrong about things.
And, and we've managed to
like, you know, what, what
you see on those pictures
on my Instagram are things
that are running at 60
frames per second, on a
one year or two old
device. So that's pretty remarkable.
Wow. I was looking at
your communities forum, and there
was a summer update that
was saying like, when will
this be done? And it
sounds like your users are
excited for this to the
new global update to happen.
And you're stuck at 90%
and now it's all performance.
Yeah. There's a lot of
excitement. We were really careful,
but with will be announced
because we got burned a
few times. I'd be, we
saw pitchforks and torches in
their horizon. That's what we
were really careful now about
what we say and what
we tell people. We usually
don't like, dates are absolutely
out of the question. We
never say it's coming on
that day because there's always
something that might come up.
And, and most of our
users, I mean, a lot
of our users, not most,
but don't get it. They
just assume it's just like,
Oh, just add smoke next.
You know, after the airplane
just, Oh, let me one
second aircraft smoke enable like,
Oh, I like this assume
like, everything is simple. So
that's what we're like really
careful. We know, like it's
a balance between announcing too
early and communicating too much
or too little. It's really
hard because we kind of
had to stop putting out
updates. We haven't put out
an update since December. And
we made that decision because
we were working on this
new update. And every time
they were getting impatient, they're
like, well, there's no new
thing. So we're like, okay,
well fine. We'll make a
new airplane. So I was
stuck on the airplane and
then, you know, Felipe on
or other people in the
company where sometimes bar over
to develop version, to work
on some update things. And
we're not making progress on
global. So that's why at
some point we said, you
know what, just stop doing,
like stop shipping update until
global is ready. And that
was a tough call because
people are getting really impatient.
Right. What, and of course,
they're also forgetting that you
have to keep the service
running like this. Isn't a
ShipIt and leave. It's a
wake up at two in
the morning, the server's down.
Yup, exactly. And we have
always had a few issues
with like Facebook login, Google
login, recently, something with Azure
mobile services who like basically
logging with Google is not,
was not working anymore. So
we actually, we actually, it
was, this was my parcel.
I actually had to leave
the global work to go
back on, on the main
version and update our system
to completely remove Azure mobile
services and use our own
system. And that was not
fun, but yeah. Yikes. As
Azure worked out pretty well
for you. Yeah. It's been
pretty good. Except the mobile
services part, which was something
that we're always like kind
of scared of using kind
of like a black boxy
thing. But other than that,
I mean, all the, all
the web services really awesome
to scaling is really awesome
database. Really cool. Now we're
using a lot of storage
and CDN, so it's, it's
really a great, great platform.
What do you use SQL?
I'm curious. It feels like
maybe cosmos DB might be
a useful thing. Yeah. We
use sequel and we're actually
thinking of switching to another
type of DB. Like I
think I Was just introduced
to cosmos DB a couple
of days ago. So I
think I might actually, I
mean, we're like, there's different
sections. Like we actually store
a lot of things for
the user, like all of
the physician reports of all
the flights, and this is
a lot of data that
costs us a lot of
money to store in SQL
databases. So I actually have
to like ship that over
to a different type of,
of DB. But yeah, it
seems like the fact that
you've got users everywhere that
you're a global database and
you don't want to have
all of your rights go
to one place that, that
kind of a global database
would be a smart decision.
Right? Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Well,
thanks so much for chatting
with me today. Well, thanks
for having me. So that
is Laura Labon and you
can check out infinite hyphen
flight, God come and download
that it's on the Google
play store. It's on the
app store. I bought it.
It's fantastic. I have it
both on my iPhone and
on my iPad. Definitely one
of those apps that you
show people when you just
want to show off what
you can do, if you're
not a flyer. And if
you are a flyer, look
for the global upgrade. Perhaps
later this year, this has
been another episode of Hanselminutes
and we'll see you again
next week.